Attributes and Revision id section in Policyfiles of Chef Infra Server (#5396)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/chef_infra_server.md

> - Search for a specific policyfiles
> - View all the policyfiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for a specific Policyfiles
- View all the Policyfiles
```

- View the details of policyfiles:
  - Content
  - Attributes

>   - Revision id

Reviewer: ID should also be capitalized.
```suggestion
  - Revision ID
```

> - View the details of policyfiles:
>   - Content
>   - Attributes
>   - Revision ID
> - Delete policyfiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- View the details of Policyfiles:
  - Content
  - Attributes
  - Revision ID
- Delete Policyfiles
```

#### Details of Policyfiles

> Select a policyfile to view the details of the policyfile. The details are the **METADATA**, **Content**, **Attributes** and **Revision id** of the policyfiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select a Policyfile to view the **METADATA**, **Content**, **Attributes**, and **Revision ID** of that Policyfile.
```

{{< figure src="/images/automate/details-of-policyfiles.png" alt="Details of Policyfiles">}}

> The **content** tab contains the list of all the *included policies* and *run list*, whereas the **attributes** tab displays the *default* and the *override* attributes of the policyfiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Content** tab contains the list of all the *included policies* and *run list*, whereas the **Attributes** tab displays the *default* and the *override* attributes of a Policyfile.
```

{{< figure src="/images/automate/attributes-tab-of-policyfiles.png" alt="Attributes tab of Policyfiles">}}

You can **Expand** and **Collapse** the *default* and *override* attributes by selecting the option.

{{< note >}}

> You can find the **revision id** window directly by selecting the ellipses icon of a policyfile. Selecting the option opens a pop-up which contains the detailed revision id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the **Revision ID** window directly by selecting the ellipses icon of a Policyfile. Selecting the option opens a pop-up which contains the detailed revision ID.
```

{{< /note >}}

{{< figure src="/images/automate/revision-id-of-policyfiles.png" alt="Revision id of Policyfiles">}}

#### Delete Policyfiles

> Delete individual policyfiles by selecting the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}} and then **Delete**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete individual Policyfiles by selecting the ellipses icon {{< fontawesome class="fas fa-ellipsis-h" >}} and then **Delete**:
```
